resource_control: add background task resource control (#14797)
pingcap/docs: tidb-resource-control.md

<CustomContent platform="tidb">

- `lightning`: perform import tasks using [TiDB Lightning](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-overview.md). Both physical and logical import modes of TiDB Lightning are supported.
- `br`: perform backup and restore tasks using [BR](/br/backup-and-restore-overview.md). PITR is not supported.
- `ddl`: control the resource usage during the batch data write back phase of Reorg DDLs.
- `analyze`: the [collect statistics](/statistics.md#collect-statistics) tasks that are manually executed or automatically triggered by TiDB.

</CustomContent>

<CustomContent platform="tidb-cloud">

- `lightning`: perform import tasks using [TiDB Lightning](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-lightning-overview). Both physical and logical import modes of TiDB Lightning are supported.
- `br`: perform backup and restore tasks using [BR](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-overview). PITR is not supported.
- `ddl`: control the resource usage during the batch data write back phase of Reorg DDLs.
- `analyze`: the [collect statistics](/statistics.md#collect-statistics) tasks that are manually executed or automatically triggered by TiDB.

</CustomContent>

> By default, the task types that are marked as background tasks are empty, and the management of background tasks is disabled. This default behavior is the same as that of TiDB v7.4.0 earlier versions. To manage background tasks, you need to manually modify the background task types of the `default` resource group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the task types that are marked as background tasks are empty, and the management of background tasks is disabled. This default behavior is the same as that of versions prior to TiDB v7.4.0. To manage background tasks, you need to manually modify the background task types of the `default` resource group.
```

#### Examples

1. Create the `rg1` resource group and set `br` and `analyze` as background tasks.

    ```sql
    CREATE RESOURCE GROUP IF NOT EXISTS rg1 RU_PER_SEC = 500 BACKGROUND=(TASK_TYPES='br,analyze');
    ```

2. Change the `rg1` resource group to set `br` and `ddl` as background tasks.

    ```sql
    ALTER RESOURCE GROUP rg1 BACKGROUND=(TASK_TYPES='br,ddl');
    ```

> 3. Reset the background tasks of `rg1` resource group to default. In this case, the background task types follow the configuration of the `default` resource group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Restore the background tasks of `rg1` resource group to the default value. In this case, the background task types follow the configuration of the `default` resource group.
```
